                                                                                                                          Assginment no. 1
Q.1  What is software? What is software Enginering?
- Software:- It is part of computer that we cannot touch physically is called software .software is a set of instructions ,data,or programs that tell a computer how to function.
-Software Engineering:-Software Engineering is a branch of computer science that involves the design , develpoment ,testing,and maintainance of software applications.Software engineers use engineering principles and knowledge of programming languages to build software solutions for end users. 

Q.2 Explain types of Softwares.
-1. Application software:- application software is a type of computer program that helps users perform specific tasks. these tasks can be related to: productivity,creativity,communication,word processing,data handling & data analysis.

2. System Software:- system software is a type of computer program that manages a computer's hardware and software resources.system software controls a computer's internal fuctioning and peripherals such as: Mointors, printers,storage devices.

3.Driver software:- driver software allows one hardware device to interact with another hardware device .it allows operating systems and other computer applications to access hardware fuctionalities.

4.Middleware:- Middleware enables communication and data management for distributed applications. It allows organizations to quickly and easily integrate their existing systems with new ones.

5.Programming Software:-Programming software is a tool that helps software developers create, debug, and maintain other programs and applications.

Q.3 What is SDLC ? Explain each phase of SDLC
-SDLC stands for Software Development Life Cycle. It's a structured process that development teams use to design, develop, and test software. The goal of SDLC is to produce high-quality software that meets or exceeds customer expectations.

-There are 6 phases of SDLC
1.Requirement Gathering:- The requirements phase of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) is where the foundations of the software are decided. It's the most crucial phase for the development team and project.

2.Requirement Analysis:- Requirements analysis is a crucial phase of the software development life cycle (SDLC), where you define and document the needs and expectations of your clients and users.

3.Designing:- The design phase is an essential part of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). 
 In this phase, software developers define the technical details of the product. These details can include: Screen designs, Databases, Sketches, System interfaces, Prototypes.

4.Implementation or Coding:- This phase is initiated after the system has been tested and accepted by the user. In this phase, the system is installed to support the intended business functions.

5.Testing:- It's where developers investigate whether their code and programming work according to customer requirements.

6.Maintainance:-It's where developers investigate whether their code and programming work according to customer requirements.

  